# ignFoo
# Who am I and my Passion for IGN  
I am a hacker (not the one that breaks law) but rather a one that loves to build cool tools and solutions at hackathons. As a hackathon lover, I would try to aim for a specific prize and try to build something crazy with it. At one of the hackathons I went to, I built a food counting app that keeps track of the amount of food you have in your fridge and allows the user to order food online using a the FastSpring API. That idea ended up winning the best use of FastSpring API.  
The reason I am passionate about working for IGN is because of how I can have the chance of working wiht a lot of data that IGN has legal rights to. With these data, I can build something cool that would make people love the app even more like game suggestions using the data from people that play similar games to the ones that the user is currently looking at.  
# Sacrebleu! 
I would use around 75000 geomags for each side since the tower is around 1000 feet = 12000 inch and we need to use around 6 geomags to build a single square inch. That means we need around 300000 geomags to build just the legs. We would need around 25000 geomags for the 1st floor, 5700 geomags for the 2nd floor and 1000 for the 3rd floor. The way i would build it is by building the legs of the tower up to the first floor and then build the first floor. Then I would repeat that process for all the remaning floors. As we hit the tip, we would start forming a pyramid shape until we reach the tip.  
# The Chicken Crosses the Road  
This solution uses dynamic programing and recursion. The function `getValidRoutes(potHoles: failOnes, start: start)` would take in a array of potholes/ pairs and a single starting point/pair. They use a custom class called `pair` which contains a x and y axies. Every single point on the gird is also its own class and when a solution is found it takes in all the solutions of the points it has passed and before its able to append that solution, it will make sure that we are not crossing a point twice. The  main begins on line 157 in which we test the one provided to us on the website along with a custom test case in which it only has one path. This solution is stored in the `chickenLittle/chickenLittle/main.swift` file
# Apps
This solution is stored in `IGN/IGN.xcworkspace`. It has a bonus feature of a game (since everyone likes phone games these days) that when you view an article or video, it gives you a chance to find another article that will share the same tags as the one you are currently reading. There is bugs within the UI such as the color of the tab you are currently viewing will not switch to red. Another bug is that the color scheme is that you will see a white background clip when you switch scenes.  
# Bonus
`IgnSoccerPong/SoccerPong.xcworkspace/` is a game I built for a hackathon that has been redesigned to fit into the IGN theme. This simple Pong like game features a unique take on the review score feature that IGN uses and has review memes from around the internet. 
